Topic of the Day:  Elixir' `h/1` function

Documentation in Elixir is a first class citizen.  It is considered a best practice to include documentation for all modules and functions that you write in the source code itself, using `@doc"""` block notation. ExDoc is a tool provided by Elixir that can parse the documentation in your source code and generate HTML files that you can host as project documentation.  (All of Elixir's core documentation is managed this way.)  You can even include examples in your documentation that can be run as tests with the ExUnit testing framework.

As mentioned previously, IEX is Elixir's command line environment.  As an Elixir programmer you will spend a lot of time using this tool.  Conveniently, if you are trying to find the documentation for a module or function you don't need to leave the console and tab over to a browser.  Instead you can use the `h/1` helper.

For example:

```
iex> h(Enum.chunk_by)

  def chunk_by(enumerable, fun)
  @spec chunk_by(t(), (element() -> any())) :: [list()]

Splits enumerable on every element for which fun returns a new value.

Returns a list of lists.

## Examples

    iex> Enum.chunk_by([1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 4, 6, 7, 7], &(rem(&1, 2) == 1))
    [[1], [2, 2], [3], [4, 4, 6], [7, 7]]
```

Very handy! This will work for any module or function in Elixir's core, or any third party module that makes use of ExDoc (which is most of them.)  The content is pulled directly from the source code of the module, so you are seeing exactly the same verbiage you would see if you looked up the documentation online.

Parenthesis are considered optional in Elixir; it will be quite common for you to encounter code that ommits them.  We could also write the above example like this:

```
iex> h Enum.chunk_by
```

If you are trying to distinguish between functions with the same name but different parameter counts, you can be specific:

```
iex> h Enum.count/1
iex> h Enum.count/2
```

Additionally, you can use `h/0` to view an overview of all of the helper functions that IEX makes available to you.

More here:
https://hexdocs.pm/iex/IEx.Helpers.html
